
Answer the following questions


1) What is an instance variable?
    An instance variable is a variable that is declared inside a class rather than inside a method.
    This variable is accessible to all the methods inside the class.

2) How do you create a new object?
    Assigning a variable a new value using the keyword "new".

3) After creating a new object, how do you set that objects instance variables?
    Defining them in the constructor or by using a Setter methods.

4) What is a reference variable? Why do you need to be careful with reference variables?
    A reference variable is one that points to an object rather than to a value.
    You need to be careful with them because you are manipulating another object through them.

5) How many methods can you have in a class?
    Many

6) How do you exit a method at any point?
    return;

7) What is the method signature required to return an "int" from a method?
    int method();

8) Assuming "int num = 10", what is the syntax to return "num" from a method?
    int method(){
        return num;
    }


9) How do you pass a parameter to a method?
    Writing it inside the parenthesis of a method.
    void method(Type parameter)

10) What is the method signature for a method named sum() that takes two int parameters and returns their sum as in int?
    int sum(int a, int b)

11) What is a constructor?
    It's a public method inside a class that has the same name of such class and no return type.
    It initializes an object and its used to set that objects instance variables values.

12) How does Java treat a class without a constructor?
    It assigns it a default empty constructor.

13) What would the constructor for "public class Animal" look like?
    public Animal(){
    }

14) What is the effect of passing parameters to a constructor?
    They are used to give a certain value to the instance variables of the class.

15) When should you pass parameters to a constructor?
    When you want to set the object in a particular way.

16) What does the finalize() method do?
    It's a method used by the JVM garbage collector when it determine that there are no more references to an object.

17) What does the "this" keyword do?
    It makes a reference to the class that is being used.

18) When should you use the "this" keyword?
    When trying to differentiate from two variables that have the same name, but operate on different scopes.

19) Write an example of the "this" keyword in action.
    public Animal(String name){
        this.name = name;
    }

20.) Explain the difference between static and non-static variables.
    A static variable is accessible to all the instances of the same class and they also share the value of the variable.
    A non static variable is one that is used only by the the object of a class.

21.) Explain the difference between static and non-static methods.
    A static method belongs to a class rather than to an object of a class.
    A static method can be called without instancing an object of a class, calling a class instead.
